hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video I got a few comments
about what's in my back because I
sometimes show how I pack my bags in my
vlogs but it's always in a really really
quick time-lapse so you can never really
see what I put in there so I thought I
would share if you guys what I put in my
bag for university now before we get
started I just quickly wanted to explain
my system effects because I actually use
two bags for university so I have a
shopper and I have a backpack and
depending on the day I use I every one
of them so I have fist shopper which I
use on lighter days where I really don't
need to bring any books so you know just
like my writing utensils and that's it
because I don't want you know like some
very very heavy books that are just on
one shoulder because I just don't think
it's very healthy and it I don't know I
just don't like it so I prefer to have a
backpack on heavier days so I also have
this backpack and this I love this
backpack because it could fit so many
books I'm gonna show you guys I put a
few of my big books in it and they all
fit in there in addition to my laptop
and my iPad and everything else so this
backpack is a gift from heaven
if you're doing a degree that you need
to bring if you are writing an essay or
anything so I absolutely love this and I
bring it whenever I need to bring any of
my books so yeah I'm gonna start with
this bag and I'm gonna show you guys
what's in here on a normal date and then
I'm gonna show you guys what I put in my
backpack in addition to be swings of
drawing here when I bring my backpack
because the things in here I always
bring and then depending on the day I
bring some additional things if I need
to bring my backpack so yeah also by the
way if you guys are interested in any of
the things that I mentioning or the bags
I'm gonna link all of it in the infobox
below so yeah let's get started okay so
the first thing that I always have in my
shopper is my card holder and this is
probably the most important thing at the
university student because when you're
in university you get one of these
university cards and basically it just
gives you access to yeah pretty much
everything
so this is what it looks like this is my
card for cambridge and it also has your
college on it because every college has
its own colors so yeah if you're in the
cambridge bubble then you know which if
the color is Stanford which College so I
would say enjoy
so that's why I have the colors for st.
John's College and there's this really
really ugly picture of me
I think I was 14 years old in that
picture um and they just asked for a
picture for our interviews and I had no
idea that they would end up using these
for our university cards but oh well but
this is pretty much like my purse for me
because it also has my credit card and
my ID card in it so like all my
important cards are in here and I don't
really like using cash so for me this is
pretty much the one thing that I always
bring and I hardly ever bring my purse
because my purse is just too big and I
don't like carrying it around because I
don't really need it so like yeah if
you're going to university like my tip
is get a card holder and you won't
really need a purse anymore because yeah
like this thing just replaces everything
and it's so much smaller I mean compared
is to like my purse that I would
normally carry like that's a big
difference
so I love bringing a card holder and I
always bring it and then obviously the
next thing is my keys because I need to
get back into my dorm room and then I
also have this antibacterial hand gel
because I'm such a germaphobe so I just
bring it everywhere and you know
whenever I feel like using it I just
take it out and we also have this lip
balm which has been in here forever and
I don't know why but I have this massive
collection of lip balms and for some
reason I have some in every bag that I
own I have no idea where they all came
from but for some reason I'm at some
point in my life I guess I bought a lot
of lip balms because I have some
everywhere so that's that um and then I
of course have my iPad with me because I
always take notes and my lectures on my
iPad and then I usually also bring my
macbook because sometimes I just need to
take notes so I just like to have it
with me because all my reading notes are
typed but my lecture notes are written
um so I don't really know why but that's
just my system and it's working for me
so yeah then I also bring my water
bottle because water is life and then I
also bring my agenda because this is
where my entire life is documented like
if I don't
Epis with me then I'm pretty much
screwed because this contains all my
like to-do list all the things that you
know I just need to get done all my
notes for assignments by planning for
essays it's here so yeah losing this
would be a really really bad thing for
me and then I also always bring an
umbrella because it rains a lot in
Cambridge and you really don't want to
walk back from the faculty in the rain
and because I always hit my umbrella
with me I also always bring a plastic
bag and by the way guys this is like one
of my best tips for if you're living in
a country where it rains a lot and you
just you know need to bring an umbrella
bring in zip back and because when your
umbrella is wet you don't want to put it
back in your bag but you also don't want
to be this person that you know puts
their wet umbrella everywhere and then
like you know you just make the entire
floor wet as well it's just yeah you
just don't want to do that so bring it
back so you can put your umbrella in
there when it's wet and then I also have
my beauty back in this bag so here I
just have some things that you know
whenever I need to like fresh up my
makeup then I have it in here actually
like I like to think that I would fresh
up my makeup but I don't really um so
yeah like usually I put on lipstick at
the start of the day and yeah I just
never like you know fill it in again but
oh well but I left this back um it's
really old I'm actually stole it for my
mom hi mom I know you're watching this
um don't worry she knows that I have
this but yeah it's really cool because
it has a little mirror so you can just
see um you know what you're doing here
if you makeup and in here I have a hair
tie because I always need hair ties and
then one lipstick a lip balm another
lipstick and the lip gloss Jesus Christ
Elena what are you doing so yeah as I
said for some reason I have a lot of lip
product I don't know why because I
actually like don't really do a lot with
my lips but oh well um so here we go you
know but by the way guys this is an
amazing lip balm I don't know if you
guys know this but but I only recently
discovered those thanks to a friend of
mine and this is amazing like yeah like
if you have dry lips this is your new
best friend I promise
so yeah aside from all these products I
also have my powder in here because I
have oily skin so I do need to you know
every once in a while freshen up my
makeup and then I also have some perfume
in here and a ton of hairpins because my
hair is so long and whenever I wear any
hairstyle
it's like doomed to fall apart at some
point so that's why I carry a ton of
hairpins wherever I go so I can pin
everything back in place because
whenever some hair falls out it just
really bothers me so I like to pin it
back in place so yes that's everything
that I bring in my shopper on a normal
day when I don't need to bring any books
there are days when I need to bring more
things especially when I'm writing
essays or when I'm preparing Supervision
work where I have some readings that I
can't do online and that's when I bring
my backpack because it can fit so much
more stuff and it's a lot more
comfortable to wear than the shopper
especially when there are heavy things
in it so that's why I like bringing this
one whenever I have a day where I need
to bring a lot so this is what the
backpack looks like and you can tell
it's quite huge even when I have it on
it looks quite big but I love this
backpack and I think it was a really
really good investment for University
yeah if you're deciding between getting
a backpack or a handbag for university I
would always go for backpack because I
think it's more healthy if you balance
the weight on both shoulders and it's
just a lot more comfortable and also
this one here is water-resistant and it
closes properly whereas my shopper
doesn't have a zipper so you can't fully
close it so this one is a lot better if
it's raining because it really protects
all of my things so yeah let's see
what's in my backpack now the backpack
has a little zipper here and normally I
just keep my key and my card holder in
there but there's also a big surprise
and never lip balm in here because I'm
addicted to lip balms although I have no
idea where they came from but ever since
I've been around 14 I've had a lip balm
in every bag I own and it hasn't stopped
so yeah here's another one of my
addiction so let's see what's in here um
so I tried to pack a few of my books in
here and I do want to say this is just a
few like this backpack can
fit I think up to seven of my textbooks
which is amazing because sometimes
you're writing an essay and you really
need those books then I just bring them
and yes it's heavy to bring them bad
honestly it's worth it because that I
have the correct citations in my essay
and I can look things up when I need to
and you don't you know like feel like oh
maybe I could have written this but I
wasn't exactly sure so I did in so I
prefer to bring them it just you know
calms my anxiety so yeah those are only
free in here but I could have basically
put another few on top of it and you
don't need to close the backpack like
this you can just close it up like this
and then you can fit a lot more books in
it so I hope you guys can see this
because basically I put three of my
textbooks in here so there's three of my
textbooks in there and then there's my
pencil case
and if you have my files so let's start
with my pencil case my pencil case is
quite big for a pencil case but honestly
I love this unfortunately the zipper
broke so I'm looking for a new pencil
case so if you guys know any stores
where they sell big pencil cases like
this please let me know because this is
super super useful because in here I
just keep all my highlighters and things
and then in here I just keep like my
normal writing pens so this is what it
looks like
oops it's falling apart there we go so
uhm this is what I have in here and
mainly I just used this one but oh well
those are all the ones that I you know
normally use when writing an essay and
then in here I just have some
highlighters and some more ink
cartridges and things like that and so
yeah that's my pencil case I only bring
it when I need to write an essay and it
needs to be hand written when it doesn't
need to be hand written I usually type
it because it's easier and then I don't
need to carry this one but on days where
I have to write an essay I usually also
bring some of these files so um these
files are files where I keep my notes
that are handwritten for like a
particular day those aren't the files
where I permanently store notes they are
just for taking things around and then
you know later on I'll put them in the
appropriate folder but I don't like to
bring like my big folders for
constitutional law because that is way
too heavy
absolutely unnecessary so I just bring
these and they also super useful because
you can just hand your essay in and it
has your name and your College on it so
if it accidentally gets put in the wrong
pigeonhole for another supervisor you
get it back your supervisor knows who
it's from
so yeah but how I recommend getting
these um they're super cheap you can get
a couple of them for a few pounds at
Amazon and I think they're really really
useful so what I do is for example when
I'm writing an essay I just put some of
this paper where I write my essays on
and then just make sure it sticks here
and yeah I can just head anything like
that and I really like using these I
think they're really useful and also
they give me a bit of an office feeling
which makes you feel more like doing
work so that's good so yeah aside from
that I put free of my textbooks in here
so I'm just gonna take these out um so
there we go you can see how much this
backpack keep fit and it can fit all of
these things in addition to the things
that I put in my shop right because I
bring all of these things on a normal
day when I need to bring books so it can
really fit a lot so there's other books
that I put in here so you can see they
take up quite a bit of space but the
backpack can fit them it's no problem
and you can even add about four more
books and it should be fine so other
than that I of course have another
plastic bag in here because you don't
want your wet umbrella to lie around and
then I also have a bigger plastic bag in
here from the University Library because
in the university library at least for
Cambridge you are not allowed to bring a
big bag that is not transparent so they
sell these plastic bags and because you
have to pay for it every time and
because you want to be good to the
environment I reuse my back as much as I
can so I always have this in my backpack
so that I can put all my books and my
laptop in it because I don't want to
carry all of it on my arms okay so the
next item you may think this is weird
but please keep in mind that I've lived
in Hong Kong for the past two years so
um yeah I'll explain this so I have a
face mask in here and the reason that I
have this face mask in here is that at
my school in Hong Kong we basically had
a rule that if you had a disease that
was contagious you would
usually wear face masks if it made sense
for that particular disease so that you
don't get other people sick sober exam
if you have a cold and you know you're
constantly cuffing you don't need to
make other people sick but you still
sometimes want to come to class if it's
not too bad so just wear a face mask and
you know it helps not to spread the
disease forever so yeah I thought this
was a really good idea actually if you
think about it so that you don't get
other people sick but you can still come
to school if you're not too sick you
know so um yeah that's why I have a face
mask in here
and then I also have two adapters in
here and because Apple thought it would
be a great idea to make laptops which
don't have a normal USB so you can only
connect USB sees to it and nobody really
uses USB see except for a desperate
Apple users like me because we don't
have a USB port anymore um which was
really a horrible idea my opinion but oh
well um and since I have one of the new
Mac books I only have this USB C port so
um I just have to use adapters for
basically everything Steffes pick it out
there for normal USBs and HDMI and
another USB see and then I also have
this one which I think as a university
student who really really need so this
is an adapter that you can use to
connect to the beamers in university so
if you ever want to project one of your
presentations this adapter is what you
need and this adapter is really really
useful because probably all of your
friends are using USB and you're the
only person with the USB see so yeah
that's why I have these two adapters and
I also have a special adapter for my
camera card but I don't bring that one
around because I don't really need it
while I'm working so yeah that's pretty
much all that I have in here um the
other things in here are just tissues
and some highlighters um so I always
have some loose highlighters just you
know in here just in case because um
sometimes I just need to quickly
highlight something so I just liked you
know quickly go into my back grab a
highlighter and just mark it so that's
why I have a few highlighters in there
but that's pretty much all that I have
in this backpack and you can see it's
really big it's like you don't fold the
upper part down so this backpack has
really been amazing for University
so yeah I love this backpack I really do
it's super super useful but I also
really like my shopper because I just
think it's a little bit more fashionable
to wear it and it just works better with
my style but both of them are great so
yeah and there are two more things that
I should mention but I usually forget
about them when I say what I put in my
back because I don't really put them in
my back at the start of the day and
because I used them when I walked in
faculty but over the day I put them in
my back so those are my phone and my
headphones so I used noise cancelling
headphones and I have these headphones
which I absolutely love because they
really cancel out all the noise around
you in the library which is incredible
and I'm somebody who loves studying in
silence but I also like to be surrounded
by people while studying so you know
that is a problem because I need silence
but I also want to see other people
working to motivate me to work so yeah
that's why I love noise cancelling
headphones so yeah those are all the
things that I have in my back on a
normal day at university and if you guys
interested in any of the things that
i've shown i've tried to link everything
that i could find online in you infobox
below and i hope you guys enjoyed this
video thank you guys so much for
watching have a nice day bye